[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart pay attention because we're going to put
here the video that is being leaked on
Reverse and that is wrinkling all over
Twitter and it's going very viral
where the crowd receives well more than
receive expel and throw
Fidel Albiac out of the place also with
boos Arrocito what's up family how
are you well I hope you're
enjoying the day before commenting on the
video please we ask that you subscribe
and the subscribe button is
completely free and I would also like you to
like the video if
you liked it and of course
comment 6 with your opinion well it's going
viral a clip that I'm going to
put next is a video in
which Fidel well it seems that he is not well
received and now I will tell you all the
details about what was
happening there
we have it
women
[Applause]
[Music]
Well family, this compilation of
excerpts that you just saw in which they
literally push Fidel and Arrocito boos
her belong well they belong
between  quotes because as such it is not
property of the documentary it is property of
the agencies it is a video that well if you
have seen if you have followed the news
of the heart in the last ten years
ten or fifteen years then surely you have
seen these clips what happens is that
maybe they have gone a little
unnoticed or maybe you have not
paid much attention but this click these
clicks in particular have been reproduced
thousands of times in the
media and it belongs to the day that
well to the days after
Pedro Carrasco unfortunately passed away I do not know
why I do not know what image Rocío had
at that moment but it was not very good he was not
very loved Rosito and Fidel okay there were
no people there so that they would
boo the family because the
only ones who boo are Rocío Carrasco
and Fidel
when there are more there are more pieces of videos
in the documentary they show several no these
videos belong to reports news
and others of the time no and you can see how with
Rocío Juradó nobody the buche to in fact they
make way for Amador either  buche
a a rosa benito díaz gloria neither the
only ones who boo are rocio
carrasco and fidel and ojos I don't think it's right okay okay I do
n't think it's the
right time it's not a play or
anything like that or a
television program for them to appear on
stage and be treated like that okay we're
talking well I don't know if it's the burial or
after the burial or the mass I don't know if
the funeral home but those are the moments okay I do
n't think it's acceptable that people
start showing there the empathy
not the animosity that they had for it
but anyway what is clear to me is
that for a long time this
couple is not at all dear family what do
you think and in a place like that to look for
someone about the push we don't even talk about there
's a moment when you also
see how a lady grabs his face
rice I imagine it's good but
well not in that context either the
truth is and I even think it could be
bad but anyway it seems terrible to
say I don't know what you think people don't
like them that's very clear  will be
reading this, I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]